README.md, before:

# Qooxdoo Website

This repo builds the static website; run `gulp` to compile or `gulp
serve` to compile and run a webserver, watching for more changes.

The static site generation is done by Nunjucks and Gulp.  **NOTE** the
`html` directory is now generated entirely - please see the `src` directory.

## Adding to the portfolio

If you would like to add to the portfolio, you can fork this
repo, add you entry/ies and then submit a PR.  All you have to
do is to create files in `src/data/portfolio` - create a `.json`
file for each entry you want to make, uploading any screenshots
into `src/images/portfolio`.  The `.json` files look like this:

```
{
    "caption": "The Name Of My Product Or Business",
    "images": [
        "images/portfolio/myimage.png"
    ],
    "body": "<p>Your rich text description goes here</p>",
    "author": "https://www.mywebsite.com/",
    "website": "https://www.myproduct.com/",
    "license": "MIT etc"
}
```

The first image in the `images` array is displayed at
the top of the entry, but all others are below the body.

Writing HTML encoded in JSON is hard, so as an alternative if you provide
another file with the same name but with a `.html` extension, that will
be loaded and used instead of the `body` property of the `.json` file.
 Your `.html` file must not contain tags like `<html>` or `<body>`,
it should be **just** the HTML fragment for the description, EG:

```
<p><strong>The Name Of My Product</strong> is a wonderful piece of software which does amazing things.</p>
``` 

Remember that the portfolio automatically adds your website and
license details below the body, so there is no need to add that
yourself (unless of course, there is something you prefer to clarify)

Commit message:

Add rel="nofollow noopener noreferrer"

README.md, after:

# Qooxdoo Website

This repo builds the static website; run `gulp` to compile or `gulp
serve` to compile and run a webserver, watching for more changes.

The static site generation is done by Nunjucks and Gulp.  **NOTE** the
`html` directory is now generated entirely - please see the `src` directory.

## Adding to the portfolio

If you would like to add to the portfolio, you can fork this
repo, add you entry/ies and then submit a PR.  All you have to
do is to create files in `src/data/portfolio` - create a `.json`
file for each entry you want to make, uploading any screenshots
into `src/images/portfolio`.  The `.json` files look like this:

```
{
    "caption": "The Name Of My Product Or Business",
    "images": [
        "images/portfolio/myimage.png"
    ],
    "body": "<p>Your rich text description goes here</p>",
    "author": "https://www.mywebsite.com/",
    "website": "https://www.myproduct.com/",
    "license": "MIT etc"
}
```

The first image in the `images` array is displayed at
the top of the entry, but all others are below the body.

Writing HTML encoded in JSON is hard, so as an alternative if you provide
another file with the same name but with a `.html` extension, that will
be loaded and used instead of the `body` property of the `.json` file.
 Your `.html` file must not contain tags like `<html>` or `<body>`,
it should be **just** the HTML fragment for the description, EG:

```
<p><strong>The Name Of My Product</strong> is a wonderful piece of software which does amazing things.</p>
``` 

Remember that the portfolio automatically adds your website and
license details below the body, so there is no need to add that
yourself (unless of course, there is something you prefer to clarify).

> :warning: If you use `target="_blank"` in any HTML anchor tags linking to a 
> running instances of your applications, make sure to also add 
> `rel="nofollow noopener noreferrer"`, since if you do not, GitHub's 
> security rules might prevent your application from running in some browsers.
> See [more on the security implications of `target="_blank"`](https://medium.com/sedeo/how-to-fix-target-blank-a-security-and-performance-issue-in-web-pages-2118eba1ce2f).
